# Week 1 First Lab

1. Download and install [Racket](https://racket-lang.org/).
   This includes an IDE called DrRacket, which is what you will use throughout this course.
3. Open DrRacket. You can see DrRacket has two text windows.
    * The top one is the definitions area.
      This is what you'll use to write code that you want to save in a file.
    * The bottom one is the interactions area.
      This is what you'll use to try things out, and get results from running files.
4. In the menu bar, go to Language > Choose Language..., select The Racket Language, and press OK
5. In the definitions area, type `#lang simply-scheme`, press the run button on the top right,
   and follow the prompts in the interactions area to install the simply-scheme package.
7. Press run again and you will see the interface you'll be using throughout the course.
   In the interactions area, there should be a `>` with a blinking cursor after it.
   Make sure the top line on any file is always `#lang simply-scheme` for this course

That was probably more handholdy than it needed to be,
but I'll generally get out of your hair and just link the stuff for you to do. Time to do lab 1!
Link is below, and here are some additional instructions for each step:

1. Skip this one, it's equivalent to what you've done above,
2. Whenever a lab says start Scheme, interpret that as press File > New,
   make sure the top line of the file says #lang simply-scheme, press Run,
   and use the interactions area to follow the directions.
3. Whenever a lab says to use Emacs to create a file,
   interpret that as create a new file in DrRacket and put the code in the definitions area.
   Note that they have `` ` ``s where there should be `'`s.
4. Just run your file, and try `(pigl 'scheme)` in the interactions area. Try running it with other words too!
Try to read the code! Don't worry if you're having trouble with this lab, it'll be covered in lecture 1 as well.
5. Ignore this one.

[labs](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~bh/61a-pages/Volume1/labs.pdf) (just do Week 1 First Lab)
